Raiders of the Lost Docs (#16)
RIT-EVT/BMS: docs/source/index.rst

The DEV1-BMS project is in its rampup phase. Currently documentation is being
generated for the project including requirements and implementation design.

> The DEV1-BMS project is currently in the hardware bringup phase. Software

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The DEV1-BMS project is currently in the hardware bring up phase. Software
```
